# Covid-19_Tracker_Project
# Product Vision
This app is made for any Philadelphia citizen, general to race, sex, and age. Over the past year COVID-19 has been very persistent in Philadelphia, this app is made for any citizen who is interested in the current state of COVID related statistics. The Covid Resource app is a lifestyle product. It is made to provide information in order to better or protect the day to day lives of its users. We want to create an application that gives the client updated information on the statistics of COVID in the Philadelphia are, this data will have specifics filtering choices such as age, sex, and race. Along with the filtering choices it will have some data categories such as death rate, confirmed cases (by zip or date), info on testing sites, and other information that can be derived from the open datasets provided by Philadelphia. Unlike other COVID related applications the COVID Resource App offers pure data and information specified for the area of Philadelphia. Other apps involve contact tracing, citizen health submissions, and self monitoring. The proposed Covid Resource Application is a source for COVID related statistics in the Philadelphia area. With a diverse population this app tries to personalize the information being presented to the client by offering different information categories and filtering choices so that the data viewed is as relevant as possible.
# User Personas

## Parent
Mr and Mrs. Hopkins - age 41 and 42, are parents in Old City, the birthplace of America’s independence and a popular tourist place.  Their two kids, ages 15 and 17, attend Central High School.  Mr Hopkins works remotely as a software engineer while Mrs. Hopkins is a manager of a cafe.  Central High School is known for being one of the best public high schools in Philadelphia for having a 99% reading and math proficiency rate of the students.  Although Mr. and Mrs. Hopkins value their kids, Adam and Bruce, to continue their education, they are also more concerned about their health as well as their own and their neighbors.  
With this COVID Resource App, they would be able to keep track of the COVID cases in Old City to determine whether it’s safe for their children to either go outside or go to in-person school as they compare it to other district cases and their policy for students attending in person.  The app provides statistics on age which would be pivotal to knowing how many younger people are infected which would provide info to their concerns of whether to continue their schooling in person or make it virtual.  The trend of younger cases of infection would provide incredibly useful info unlike any other application to all parents that are concerned about the safety of their children.

## Student
John Doe, Sophomore at Temple university age 20. He is a new transfer student who just started his semester at Temple University when the Corona outbreak occurred. Now being unable to go back to his home across the country, he is forced to stay on campus. But John doesn't want his time at Temple to be only spent in his room, he wants to safely explore the city without having to worry about getting infected by going to a part of town with a highly infected population. With this he finds out about the “Covid 19 tracker app” (our program) where he is able to use it to the fullest extent.
	With it, John Doe is able to find out how different areas are more infected, the rate of which their infection count is growing, and what parts of Philadelphia is more safe to explore. The app itself provides crucial information such as: total number of infected, rate the infection is growing/shrinking based on a frame (ex a week or month), and what parts of Philly to avoid completely. this way he is able to explore the city with little chance of catching Covid himself.

## Visitor
Janet Bader, visiting her sister in West Philadelphia. Janet is a 32 year old retail worker from Maryland wanting to visit her sister and get a change of scenery. She was raised in a traditional suburban household in Delaware County just outside of the city, and moved after being offered a co-op position. She has not seen her sister in person for some time since the pandemic and quarantine began. Janet has 3 roommates who all work in the restaurant business and two cats. She graduated with a Bachelor of Arts from Rutgers University, and has been pursuing a career as an oil painter.
Janet’s work requires her to get tested every week for COVID making her wary of travel and exposure. She believes that it is best to take extra safety measures before taking a trip to her sister. She downloads and uses the COVID-19 resource app so that she can make plans, go out with her sister, taking into account the rate of infections in specific areas so that she can minimize the risk of contraction.

## Government Official
Connor Williams, the Governor for Pennsylvania. Let just assume since he is working as a government official, he cares for the people and their wealth-fare. He has a Doctorate in Law and Policy from Northeastern University. He works long Hours with Many people from his office to try to mitigate the death from Covid-19. He has mobile technology and uses his Android, pixel 5, phone often for his work. He is trying to find ways to spread live information about Covid fast to the people living in his state.
He is interested in our app because our app can give people quick information on areas of Pennsylvania that Covid - 19 has hit the hardest, coming down to the neighborhoods and streets. An Covid tracking app could easily help him give out information quickly about regions being 

